README.md, before:

# HykuKnapsack
Hyku Knapsack is a little wrapper around Hyku to make development and deployment easier. Primary goals of this project
include making contributing back to the Hyku project easier and making upgrades a snap.

## Usage
Start by making a copy. You can fork on Github or simply check out this repo and add a new remote:

Note $PROJECT_NAME can only contain letters, numbers and underscores due to a bundler limitation.

```bash
git clone git@github.com:samvera-labs/hyku_knapsack.git $PROJECT_NAME_knapsack
cd $PROJECT_NAME_knapsack
git remote rename origin upstream
git remote add origin $NEW_REPO_URL
git branch -M main
git push -u origin main
```

### Overrides
Adding decorators to override features is fairly simple. We do recommend some best practices [found here](https://github.com/samvera-labs/hyku_knapsack/wiki/Decorators-and-Overrides)

Any file with `_decorator.rb` in the app or lib directory will automatically be loaded along with any classes in the app directory.

### Deployment scripts

Deployment code can be added as needed.

### Theme files

Theme files (views, css, etc) can be added in the the Knapsack. We recommend adding an override comment as [described here](https://github.com/samvera-labs/hyku_knapsack/wiki/Decorators-and-Overrides)

### Gems

It can be useful to add additional gems to the bundle. This can be done w/o editing Hyku by adding them as dependencies to `hyku_knapsack.gemspec`

## Installation
If not using a current version, add this line to Hyku's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem "hyku_knapsack", github: 'samvera-labs/hyku_knapsack', branch: 'main'
```

And then execute:
```bash
$ bundle
```

## Contributing
Contribution directions go here.

## License
The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

trying to get the build to work

README.md, after:

# HykuKnapsack
Hyku Knapsack is a little wrapper around Hyku to make development and deployment easier. Primary goals of this project
include making contributing back to the Hyku project easier and making upgrades a snap.

## Usage
Start by making a copy. You can fork on Github or simply check out this repo and add a new remote:

Note $PROJECT_NAME can only contain letters, numbers and underscores due to a bundler limitation.

```bash
git clone git@github.com:samvera-labs/hyku_knapsack.git $PROJECT_NAME_knapsack
cd $PROJECT_NAME_knapsack
git remote rename origin upstream
git remote add origin $NEW_REPO_URL
git branch -M main
git push -u origin main
```

### Overrides
Before overriding anything, please think hard about whether what you are working on is a bug or feature that can apply to Hyku itself. If it is, please make a branch in your Hyku checkout (`./hyrax-webapp`) and do the work there. [See here](https://github.com/samvera-labs/hyku_knapsack/wiki/Hyku-Branches) for more information about working with Hyku branches in your Knapsack

Adding decorators to override features is fairly simple. We do recommend some best practices [found here](https://github.com/samvera-labs/hyku_knapsack/wiki/Decorators-and-Overrides)

Any file with `_decorator.rb` in the app or lib directory will automatically be loaded along with any classes in the app directory.

### Deployment scripts

Deployment code can be added as needed.

### Theme files

Theme files (views, css, etc) can be added in the the Knapsack. We recommend adding an override comment as [described here](https://github.com/samvera-labs/hyku_knapsack/wiki/Decorators-and-Overrides)

### Gems

It can be useful to add additional gems to the bundle. This can be done w/o editing Hyku by adding them as dependencies to `hyku_knapsack.gemspec`

## Installation
If not using a current version, add this line to Hyku's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem "hyku_knapsack", github: 'samvera-labs/hyku_knapsack', branch: 'main'
```

And then execute:
```bash
$ bundle
```

## Contributing
Contribution directions go here.

## License
The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
